[Applause]
bring together various trends and styles in
a motorcycle seems an unlikely task
yamaha accepted the challenge and created mt
09 a model capable of satisfying large
part of the motorcyclists with some
simple and well- designed combinations
Search by photos:
the new motorcycle opens inside the
yamaha a new type of engine with a lot of
provision and allows one more item to
miscellaneous pilot
no two or four cylinders
the yamaha mt 09 has an engine of three
cylinders in an arrangement that
allows intermediate solutions
ie it is a compact motor nervous
even with larger models but
which allows the malleability of minors
at the time of piloting
justifying the boldness of machismo already
that mt acronym or touch means
master of legal force is that you can
change the form of driving with five
stock up to for located on the handlebars
is a simpler system that does not
interferes directly on the motor but in
response to acceleration which may be more
or less fast
also breaks down the levels of
sagan mt 09 agility continues with
alloy wheels with rim of 17
inch slave low to center
the higher masses and suspensions as
in the dark to win touch hole
of modernity is with the leds in the
flashlight and headlamp bezel and time
to play
prices have a serial abs system
mt 09 is a motorcycle
for those who want to explore limits without
import with the rain salad and very
less with a check of 35 thousand nine hundred
and ninety reais for the black version
matte and of 36,500 90 for the metallic
purple or orange